Section update: File integrity monitoring (#6093)
wazuh/wazuh-documentation: source/user-manual/capabilities/file-integrity/advanced-settings.rst

Manual configuration of the Local Audit Policies in Windows
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> For Windows versions later than Windows Vista or Windows Server 2008, when you monitor a file or directory with the ``whodata`` option, Wazuh automatically configures the System Access Control List (SACL) for the file or directory. If this is not done automatically or you have an older version of Windows, such as Windows Vista or Windows Server 2008, you have to configure the audit policies manually.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For Windows versions later than Windows Vista and Windows Server 2008, when you monitor a file or directory with the ``whodata`` option, Wazuh automatically configures the System Access Control List (SACL) for the file or directory. If this is not done automatically or you have an earlier version of Windows, such as Windows Vista and Windows Server 2008, you have to configure the audit policies manually.
```
